feat: draft of the linear scalability experiment with dynamic partitions (#664)
camunda/zeebe-chaos: chaos-days/blog/2025-07-11-linear-dynamic-scaling/index.md

| 10:12  | 3       | 3          | 240 PI/s, 240 jobs/s | 1.77 / 1.95 / 1.62  | 45% / 90% / 26%        | 0/0.5%            |

At 240 Process Instances spawned per second, the system starts to hit the limits:
![CPU usage @ 240 PI/s](./config_1_240_cpu.png)
![CPU throttling@ 240 PI/s](./config_1_240_cpu_throttling.png)

And the backpressure is not zero anymore:
![Backpressure @ 240 PI/s](./config_1_240_backpressure.png)

- The CPU throttling reaches almost 90% on one node (this is probably caused by only one node being selected as **gateway** as previously noted)
- Backpressure is now constantly above zero, even if it's just 0.5%, it's a sign that we are reaching the throughput limits.

### Second part of the benchmark: scaling to 6 brokers and 6 partitions

With 240 process instances per second being spawned, we send the commands to scale the cluster.

We first scale the `zeebe` *statefulset* to 6 brokers. As soon as the new brokers are running, even before they are healthy,
we can send the command to include them in the cluster and to increase the number of partition to 6.

> This can be done following the [guide in the official docs](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/self-managed/zeebe-deployment/operations/cluster-scaling/#2b-scaling-brokers-and-partitions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done following the [guide in the official docs](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/self-managed/components/orchestration-cluster/zeebe/operations/cluster-scaling/#2b-scaling-brokers-and-partitions).
```
